README.md, before:

# Udacity Blockchain Capstone

The capstone will build upon the knowledge you have gained in the course in order to build a decentralized housing product. 

# Contract Addresses on Rinkeby

SquareVerifier: 
`0x8CD03E311602608710c50aDA88933b2fE884E6F7`

SolnSquareVerifier: 
`0x2541C62B12C2F717c038ed352dD161f02522E3F2`

# SolnSquareVerifier Contract ABI
```
[
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "interfaceId",
          "type": "bytes4"
        }
      ],
      "name": "supportsInterface",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "getApproved",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "approve",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "getSymbol",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "paused",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "name": "setPaused",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "getName",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "totalSupply",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "transferFrom",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "_myid",
          "type": "bytes32"
        },
        {
          "name": "_result",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "name": "__callback",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "index",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "tokenOfOwnerByIndex",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "_myid",
          "type": "bytes32"
        },
        {
          "name": "_result",
          "type": "string"
        },
        {
          "name": "_proof",
          "type": "bytes"
        }
      ],
      "name": "__callback",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "safeTransferFrom",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "index",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "tokenByIndex",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "a",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "b",
          "type": "uint256[2][2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "c",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "input",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        }
      ],
      "name": "verifyTx",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "r",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "ownerOf",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "balanceOf",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "getOwner",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "approved",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "name": "setApprovalForAll",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        },
        {
          "name": "_data",
          "type": "bytes"
        }
      ],
      "name": "safeTransferFrom",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "getBaseTokenURI",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "tokenURI",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "operator",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "isApprovedForAll",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "newOwner",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "transferOwnership",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "id",
          "type": "bytes32"
        },
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "sender",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "SolutionAdded",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "s",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Verified",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Transfer",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "approved",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Approval",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "operator",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "approved",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "name": "ApprovalForAll",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "sender",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Paused",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "sender",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Unpaused",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "OwnershipTransferred",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "a",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "b",
          "type": "uint256[2][2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "c",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "input",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "addSolution",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "mint",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    }
  ]
```

# OpenSea Marketplace Storefront
https://testnets.opensea.io/collection/unidentified-contract-b3f3aztq1v

# OpenSea Purchases
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0xbe2d68b624eed28ebb603c2330219448d15723c1521083d0ad1e971bf6030e0c
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0x55dd06038a2729d43ff1601babafd7de39bd37de80b95f5b499a6e688f9e1ff7
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0xfeb87fe458592fd89a531b7eb5db9ca398e271735a1de22dbd8659a54a78fef8
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0xb49751c607aff8e64a02ce2e98d533fb19795b715fc23cb6b14b73f93c6901cb
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0xf3e91c2727894882cc50048c0e85cb16896287ed9dd50541e1d3f21b94924839

# Project Resources

* [Remix - Solidity IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/)
* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Truffle Framework](https://truffleframework.com/)
* [Ganache - One Click Blockchain](https://truffleframework.com/ganache)
* [Open Zeppelin ](https://openzeppelin.org/)
* [Interactive zero knowledge 3-colorability demonstration](http://web.mit.edu/~ezyang/Public/graph/svg.html)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
* [ZoKrates](https://github.com/Zokrates/ZoKrates)

Commit message:

- Fix tests and update README

README.md, after:

# Udacity Blockchain Capstone

The capstone will build upon the knowledge you have gained in the course in order to build a decentralized housing product. 

# Testing the code
From the project root install the node dependencies:
`npm install`

Navigate to the directory:
`/eth-contracts`

Ensure you have a local blockchain running e.g. Ganache. Execute the tests:
`truffle test`

# Contract Addresses on Rinkeby

SquareVerifier: 
`0x8CD03E311602608710c50aDA88933b2fE884E6F7`

SolnSquareVerifier: 
`0x2541C62B12C2F717c038ed352dD161f02522E3F2`

# SolnSquareVerifier Contract ABI
```
[
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "interfaceId",
          "type": "bytes4"
        }
      ],
      "name": "supportsInterface",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "getApproved",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "approve",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "getSymbol",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "paused",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "name": "setPaused",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "getName",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "totalSupply",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "transferFrom",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "_myid",
          "type": "bytes32"
        },
        {
          "name": "_result",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "name": "__callback",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "index",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "tokenOfOwnerByIndex",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "_myid",
          "type": "bytes32"
        },
        {
          "name": "_result",
          "type": "string"
        },
        {
          "name": "_proof",
          "type": "bytes"
        }
      ],
      "name": "__callback",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "safeTransferFrom",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "index",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "tokenByIndex",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "a",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "b",
          "type": "uint256[2][2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "c",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "input",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        }
      ],
      "name": "verifyTx",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "r",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "ownerOf",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "balanceOf",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "getOwner",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "approved",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "name": "setApprovalForAll",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        },
        {
          "name": "_data",
          "type": "bytes"
        }
      ],
      "name": "safeTransferFrom",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [],
      "name": "getBaseTokenURI",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "tokenURI",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": true,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "operator",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "isApprovedForAll",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "view",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "newOwner",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "transferOwnership",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "id",
          "type": "bytes32"
        },
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "sender",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "SolutionAdded",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "s",
          "type": "string"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Verified",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Transfer",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "approved",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Approval",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "owner",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": true,
          "name": "operator",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "approved",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "name": "ApprovalForAll",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "sender",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Paused",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "sender",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "Unpaused",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "anonymous": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "from",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "indexed": false,
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        }
      ],
      "name": "OwnershipTransferred",
      "type": "event"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "a",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "b",
          "type": "uint256[2][2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "c",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "input",
          "type": "uint256[2]"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "addSolution",
      "outputs": [],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    },
    {
      "constant": false,
      "inputs": [
        {
          "name": "to",
          "type": "address"
        },
        {
          "name": "tokenId",
          "type": "uint256"
        }
      ],
      "name": "mint",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "type": "bool"
        }
      ],
      "payable": false,
      "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
      "type": "function"
    }
  ]
```

# OpenSea Marketplace Storefront
https://testnets.opensea.io/collection/unidentified-contract-b3f3aztq1v

# OpenSea Purchases
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0xbe2d68b624eed28ebb603c2330219448d15723c1521083d0ad1e971bf6030e0c
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0x55dd06038a2729d43ff1601babafd7de39bd37de80b95f5b499a6e688f9e1ff7
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0xfeb87fe458592fd89a531b7eb5db9ca398e271735a1de22dbd8659a54a78fef8
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0xb49751c607aff8e64a02ce2e98d533fb19795b715fc23cb6b14b73f93c6901cb
https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/tx/0xf3e91c2727894882cc50048c0e85cb16896287ed9dd50541e1d3f21b94924839

# Project Resources

* [Remix - Solidity IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/)
* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Truffle Framework](https://truffleframework.com/)
* [Ganache - One Click Blockchain](https://truffleframework.com/ganache)
* [Open Zeppelin ](https://openzeppelin.org/)
* [Interactive zero knowledge 3-colorability demonstration](http://web.mit.edu/~ezyang/Public/graph/svg.html)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
* [ZoKrates](https://github.com/Zokrates/ZoKrates)
